apps/web/src/app/docs/installation/page.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Installation - FormSCN Documentation",
  description: "How to install and set up FormSCN in your project.",
};

# Installation

Get started with FormSCN in your Next.js or React project.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have:

- Node.js 18+ installed
- A React or Next.js project
- pnpm, npm, or yarn package manager

## Install Dependencies

The easiest way to get started is using the **Form Builder** to generate a custom installation command.

However, if you want to set up a project manually, ensure you have the standard **shadcn/ui** dependencies installed.

## Install shadcn/ui

FormSCN forms are built on top of shadcn/ui. If you haven't already, initialize it:

```bash
npx shadcn@latest init
```

## Add Base Components

Our generated forms typically rely on these standard components. You can install them ahead of time:

```bash
npx shadcn@latest add form input button label textarea card select checkbox radio-group
```

## TypeScript Configuration

Ensure your `tsconfig.json` has the following settings (standard for shadcn projects):

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "strict": true,
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "paths": {
      "@/*": ["./src/*"]
    }
  }
}
```

## Next Steps

Now that you have FormSCN installed, check out the [Quick Start](/docs/quick-start) guide to build your first form.

Commit message:

docs: update documentation with better-auth features and setup guide

apps/web/src/app/docs/installation/page.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Installation - FormSCN Documentation",
  description: "How to install and set up FormSCN in your project.",
};

# Installation

Get started with FormSCN in your Next.js or React project.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have:

- Node.js 18+ installed
- A React or Next.js project
- pnpm, npm, or yarn package manager
- **Better Auth CLI** (Optional, recommended for auth features)

## Install Dependencies

The easiest way to get started is using the **Form Builder** to generate a custom installation command. 

If you are adding **Better Auth** features, the CLI will automatically add `better-auth` and your chosen database adapter (`@prisma/client` or `drizzle-orm`) to your project dependencies.

## Post-Installation (Auth Features)

If you enabled authentication features (2FA, Orgs, etc.), you must sync your database schema after adding the component:

```bash
# For Prisma
npx @better-auth/cli generate

# For Drizzle
npx @better-auth/cli migrate
```

Check the **Setup Guide** in the Form Builder's **Integrate** tab for a personalized checklist.

## Install shadcn/ui

FormSCN forms are built on top of shadcn/ui. If you haven't already, initialize it:

```bash
npx shadcn@latest init
```

## Add Base Components

Our generated forms typically rely on these standard components. You can install them ahead of time:

```bash
npx shadcn@latest add form input button label textarea card select checkbox radio-group
```

## TypeScript Configuration

Ensure your `tsconfig.json` has the following settings (standard for shadcn projects):

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "strict": true,
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "paths": {
      "@/*": ["./src/*"]
    }
  }
}
```

## Next Steps

Now that you have FormSCN installed, check out the [Quick Start](/docs/quick-start) guide to build your first form.
