apps/web/src/app/docs/components/form-builder/page.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Form Builder - FormSCN Documentation",
  description: "Visual form builder for creating forms with drag-and-drop interface.",
};

# Form Builder

The Form Builder is a visual tool that lets you create forms using a drag-and-drop interface.

## Features

- **Visual Editor**: Build forms visually without writing code
- **Auth & DB Ready**: One-click integration with Better Auth, Prisma, and Drizzle
- **Multi-Framework**: Generate code for Next.js, Vite/React, TanStack Start, and Remix
- **Publish to CLI**: Generate a unique `npx shadcn add` command for your custom form
- **Live Preview**: See your form in real-time as you build
- **Code Export**: Export clean, production-ready code or install via CLI

## Getting Started

Access the form builder at `/editor` in your application.

## Using the Editor

1. **Choose a Template**: Start with a pre-built template or create from scratch
2. **Add Fields**: Drag and drop fields from the component palette
3. **Configure Auth**: Enable OAuth providers (Google, GitHub) and choose your DB adapter
4. **Select Framework**: Choose your target framework (Next.js, Vite, etc.) for correct environment variables
5. **Publish**: Click "Integrate" -> "Publish" to get your unique installation command
6. **Install**: Run the generated command in your project

## Example Workflow

### Step 1: Select a Template

Choose from templates like:
- Login Form
- Waitlist Form
- Support Ticket
- Contact Form
- Registration Form
- Survey Form

### Step 2: Customize Fields

Click on any field to configure:
- Field type (text, email, number, etc.)
- Label and placeholder
- Validation rules
- Default values
- Field styling

### Step 3: Add Authentication & Framework

Enable "Better Auth" integration in the sidebar:
- Toggle **OAuth Providers** (Google, GitHub, etc.)
- Select your **Database Adapter** (Prisma or Drizzle)
- Select your **Framework** (Next.js, Vite/React, TanStack Start, Remix)

The builder automatically generates the auth configuration, client hooks, and environment variable examples tailored to your stack.

### Step 4: Publish & Install

1. Go to the **Integrate** tab.
2. Click **Publish & Get CLI Command**.
3. Run the unique command provided:

```bash
npx shadcn@latest add https://formscn.space/api/r/YOUR_UNIQUE_FORM_ID.json
```

Or copy the raw code if you prefer manual integration.

## Advanced Features

### Custom Components

Add your own custom components to the builder palette.

### Theme Customization

Customize the appearance with Tailwind CSS classes.

### Conditional Fields

Show/hide fields based on other field values.

## Tips

- Use keyboard shortcuts for faster editing
- Save your work regularly
- Test forms thoroughly before exporting
- Use TypeScript for better type safety

Commit message:

docs: update documentation with better-auth features and setup guide

apps/web/src/app/docs/components/form-builder/page.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Form Builder - FormSCN Documentation",
  description: "Visual form builder for creating forms with drag-and-drop interface.",
};

# Form Builder

The Form Builder is a visual tool that lets you create forms using a drag-and-drop interface.

## Features

- **Visual Editor**: Build forms visually without writing code
- **Auth & DB Ready**: One-click integration with Better Auth, Prisma, and Drizzle
- **Multi-Framework**: Generate code for Next.js, Vite/React, TanStack Start, and Remix
- **Publish to CLI**: Generate a unique `npx shadcn add` command for your custom form
- **Live Preview**: See your form in real-time as you build
- **Code Export**: Export clean, production-ready code or install via CLI

## Getting Started

Access the form builder at `/editor` in your application.

## Using the Editor

1. **Choose a Template**: Start with a pre-built template or create from scratch
2. **Add Fields**: Drag and drop fields from the component palette
3. **Configure Auth**: Enable OAuth providers (Google, GitHub) and choose your DB adapter
4. **Select Framework**: Choose your target framework (Next.js, Vite, etc.) for correct environment variables
5. **Publish**: Click "Integrate" -> "Publish" to get your unique installation command
6. **Install**: Run the generated command in your project

## Example Workflow

### Step 1: Select a Template

Choose from templates like:
- Login Form
- Waitlist Form
- Support Ticket
- Contact Form
- Registration Form
- Survey Form

### Step 2: Customize Fields

Click on any field to configure:
- Field type (text, email, number, etc.)
- Label and placeholder
- Validation rules
- Default values
- Field styling

### Step 3: Add Authentication & Features

Enable **Better Auth** features in the sidebar:
- **Auth Features**: Toggle advanced capabilities like **Two-Factor (2FA)**, **Magic Links**, **Passkeys**, **Username Auth**, and **Organizations**.
- **OAuth Providers**: One-click integration for Google, GitHub, etc.
- **Database Adapter**: Select **Prisma** or **Drizzle** to generate compatible schemas.
- **Framework**: Choose your target stack (**Next.js**, **Vite/React**, **TanStack Start**, **Remix**) for tailored environment variables and client hooks.

The builder automatically validates your configuration (e.g., ensuring an Email field exists if Magic Link is enabled) and generates the full backend boilerplate.

### Step 4: Setup & Install

1. Go to the **Integrate** tab.
2. Click **Publish & Get CLI Command**.
3. **Follow the Setup Guide**: Use the interactive checklist to finalize your integration:
   - Generate your `BETTER_AUTH_SECRET`.
   - Sync your database schema (The guide provides the exact `migrate` or `generate` command).
   - Configure environment variables.
4. Run the unique install command provided:

```bash
npx shadcn@latest add https://formscn.space/api/r/YOUR_UNIQUE_FORM_ID.json
```

Or copy the raw code if you prefer manual integration.

## Advanced Features

### Custom Components

Add your own custom components to the builder palette.

### Theme Customization

Customize the appearance with Tailwind CSS classes.

### Conditional Fields

Show/hide fields based on other field values.

## Tips

- Use keyboard shortcuts for faster editing
- Save your work regularly
- Test forms thoroughly before exporting
- Use TypeScript for better type safety
